I guess he can explain it to the sheriff when he gets here.
I bet you kids are starving.
Groovy!
So, wait! That's for me!
Hey, what's this?
Scooby-Booze was here.
The whole turkey!
Go on!
Whoo!
Well...
Scooby, here we go!
Are we doing the stand to join the city of the age?
Yes, two days ago.
One side state your seat.
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen.
This is Giga on Biological, a high-resistance low-noise information brief brought to you
by a biologist.
It's the 3rd of October, 2023.
You don't understand Mr. Brown.
The bottom is a holy weapon.
Yes.
Thanks very much for the compliments for yesterday's show.
I have to admit that after screwing up a time, all I had to do was really sit there and
then watch the fire go out, basically.
It was wonderful because I think we really saw two people meet and discuss something
that they both had very strong views about it.
I do think that Peter was a little bit freed by that discussion.
I saw a little bit of weightless thought on the show because I thought it was wonderful.
Because I do think that Peter has been trapped, Peter has been pinched, Peter, you can see
his heart broken.
I just don't see Peter as the same way that I see other people in this mess.
I see a good guy there and like Pierre Cori, actually, I see people that came out the earliest
are actually very visually distressed because they are holding back.
They were pigeonholed or co-opted, you know, people and students came to them and said,
you know, I know you can see the brick wall at the back of the theater if you want to
keep doing what you're doing, then you better follow our instructions because now's the
time to do what you're told and, you know, in a way, we are the ones who have to free
those people because we have to make room for them to come out, we have to make room
for them to bring forth the truth because the truth is definitely out there.
I can feel it and there's people just waiting to break this narrative, but they need to
feel safe and that means Cori and Peter McCullough, these people need to feel like there's enough
of us before they're going to come full across the line and say, hey, you know what, we got
phone calls, people came to my house and this is all that crap.
I think it's possible, I think it's actually really possible, I'm starting to almost believe
it when I wake up in the morning and I can tell you when you start to believe something
when you wake up in the morning, it's a really special thing.
I've started to have hope when I wake up and it's weird because it's been a while since
I've been able to wake up like that, so I hope that you also are starting to feel a little
shift in the uncertainty, a little increase in the, I don't know, in the cacophony that
should be there of people screaming and yelling about why we need to back the truck up, so to speak,
not take the bait on TV and social media. I find the crickets rather relaxing if you want my honest
truth. I miss them in the winter time and I definitely miss them in the spring when it's warming
up to sit outside, but they're not there yet and I don't even remember as a kid when they first
came, but it always feels like they're coming later and later, but at least they're there now.
I really like the ones that sit up in the tree and make the really harsh every once in a while,
they're really cool. I have no idea what those are, at our old house we used to be able to hear
frogs in the trees too, but there are no frogs here in the city, at least I don't really hear
them, not like I did out there. So we're here tonight to kind of discuss the Scooby-Doo, I don't
have a guest, I don't have a super big plan, I have some videos lined up, and if you want to
throw in some mean comments in the chat or something like that I'll block you, and if you want to
throw in some questions I'll try and answer them. Good to see everybody in the chat, I'll try and
read some stuff, I see Pamela's here and I'm really happy to see her, I see Marcus here,
a lot of the same people that are here every night, and so I don't know what you guys are doing here,
but thanks a lot for making this happen, I hope you guys are tweeting it out or
Facebooking it or whatever the hell you do. It is not a matter of what is true that counts,
but a matter of what is perceived to be true, this is something that was first said by,
at least I know that, it's a particular quote as coming from Kissinger,
and we have been thinking about this people map, trying to sort out how it is that we were
brought to understand, I have a lot of stuff in my throat tonight, I apologize, but I think
that's a good sign like things are moving. How did we get here where we thought that there was a
magical new sequence of RNA that was capable of disrupting a planet, and indeed became
convinced worldwide that this was true? I think that the way to look around now is to really just
evaluate people on whether they're being honest about this, if they're not using the word
transfection yet, and they're on TV and whatnot, you can pretty much bet that they've been instructed
not to, and so I don't blame anybody for that, I'm just saying that I think that's where that
problem sits, and I think that more and more people are coming to realize, at least in the
United States, that the immunization schedule in the United States is absurd, and indeed, I think
at some point, I think one of my best predictions is that this above statement here is going to
become common knowledge in five to ten years at max, but it could be as short as six months.
Automobile noise is not so great as crickets. I really think that this is the right way to
think about this for now, because what it does is it really describes the absurdity,
and that's how you want these bench immunologists and these people who are trapped inside of what
we've been calling the immunomethology, that they need to understand why it is, they need to ask
that question, how can you say that intramuscular injection of any combination of substances
with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb? Try to make that make sense to me,
and then you can draw that very simple picture of the immune system that I've drawn a couple times,
and I think I drew also on Amadmalaik's podcast, which I think will come out maybe tomorrow,
and I think that's my strategy for the next month or so as we move to Halloween,
and through to Thanksgiving, is to try to get people drilled in on that diagram and on that
pitch so that we can also describe how
kids left the game on. I have to get up and turn that off. The way that we can describe this at
the Thanksgiving table, the way that we can describe this to our family and friends over the holidays,
this has to be our strategy. This is the next window of opportunity for us to,
and we're not going to be able to convince everyone. What we're looking to be is ready for that one
person who you hear at the table with some questions, who's able to not completely just keep their
mouth shut, that after dinner, when everybody's, you know, commiserating and loosening the button
on their pants, you can sit down with football and say, hey, I heard what you said at the dinner
table, you know, I've been watching this show and you can tell them where Giga Home is and we can,
we can get them there because this is how we do it. And then in the next six or eight months,
if there's enough of a movement, enough movement of the needle, then people who were good from the
beginning, who were co-opted by force, who were co-opted by national security priorities,
by dudes in suits, some of those people might feel the courage to finally come forward and say,
hey, you're right. This was, we got to do something because that's what we really need to break this,
that's what we really need. And this, I think, is the way to think about it and the way to try and
bring it. If you can understand why this is the right way to say it, or if you can understand
why this is a good way to say it, then you will also be able to explain in a pretty succinct way
why it's a good way to say it. And that's the key to it is that's the key to being able to teach
this, even if you're not a master, but you can make this argument to an immunologist. And if they
know the immunology, they should also know that what you're saying makes sense, wasted too much
time on that, I apologize. So we're trying to go through this people map, and we've been spending a
lot of time watching old videos, and I think it's really paying off, because we found lots of leads,
and we've tipped things in different directions. That little shift down there was not meant so much
as a day gone on RFK Jr. as a promotion of Peter McCollum to the green zone. After my discussion with
him and Denny Rancur, I really feel as though, I guess it's, I don't know how to say his French
last name, but I know his first name is Denny, and it should be really Denny. He is really such a
wonderful orator about this stuff. But I think that one person in particular has made it very clear
that we still need to iron out a little bit of not necessarily what what Denny says or how he says
it, but what he really means and what his data has with respect to looking at all cause mortality
and where the excess all cause mortality comes from. And so we do have work to do, but I think
it's really nice because we've really made this connection, and it's easy for me to pick up the
phone and call Denny. And so we're trying to come up with a sort of succinct way to ask him useful
questions that will really get him to to nail down what his data shows and what his data doesn't,
and maybe even help to him to interpret it in a more biologically relevant way and an
epidemiologically relevant way, given the, given the parameters of the narrative. I don't even know
if I said anything there, I could have been all bullshit. We've also been looking at these
individuals. I did not hear the live broadcast today, but it's my understanding that there was a
live broadcast involving George Webb today, where he was talking about a rassness lab. And I also
mentioned myself and Mark again, we have made very clear connections between George Webb, Robert
Malone, Paul Catrell, and here at funded boss, not all four of them together playing poker, but
rather they're all united by Robert Malone in a very weird way. And Robert Malone has associations
with or has essentially promoted all of these people. And they have promoted him. And this is
really a key sort of observation that might not have happened. Hadn't Mark and I been insistent
about sort of calling Dr. Paul Catrell the fake, what would he say, Dr. Bus Rider MD,
that he is. Now, I don't really want to disparage anyone or to say bad names or make fun. I guess
we can make fun. And so if we make fun of the tall tales and the the tales of woe that that
Paul Catrell shared at the beginning of the pandemic, right mixed in in the context of,
you know, taking secret messages from Taiwan that included that only Remdesivir worked,
and being aware of all of the basic accepted parameters of a red dragon. And also, I don't know,
being being aware of the the other receptors that would claim to bind the spike protein later
on in the narrative he was on CD 147 before anyone else, for example. So it's just very strange that
as this little wall of people starts to get flashlights shined on them from the wrong angles,
you start to see the scenery behind them for what it is. And it's starting to appear
as though a lot of this has to do with with the value of intellectual property, the value of stocks,
trading, you know, company values, futures, the value of companies in the future, the value of
patent pools, a lot of stuff that is not anything to do with whether there's a dangerous novel virus
around or not. So we also had these two guys on yesterday as a council fire. I think I have that
here. Yeah. And we're going to try and do a council fire every Monday. I'm trying to figure out if
we're trying to schedule Monday's council fire. We're going to try and have two people on that
haven't met each other before and have a little discussion about the pandemic. And hopefully,
hopefully we'll set some kind of precedence where people will find that exciting and fun and that
I don't have to do anything because all I have to do is say go and those two can have a conversation.
And it's a virtual one and I'll just stoke the fire behind, which I think could work out really well.
So today's show is a little bit about this consensus that I feel like is is really now centered around
it should have been and it should have been centered around how this happened and why they lied.
But instead, the consensus has been forced around the mystery of the
mystery of the origins of the virus. And I find it just sad really that the Nobel Prize
in 2023 in physiology or medicine has been awarded to these two.
For a wide variety of reasons, not the least of which is what Peter McCullough said last night
on our program. And that is that there are some thousands of patents, patented processes,
patented items, patented technologies, patented machines, patented processes
that are involved ultimately in making the 1 billion doses of vaccine that were given out
or whatever it is, 13 billion doses and the 14 million lives that were saved by the vaccine
according to one account. Now the real bummer of this is, is that there is really no honesty
about the biology anymore at all. Did they award them because the RNA lasted even longer than they
thought and the results were even better than they thought they would be? Because it's odd to me that
well, it's odd to everyone, but really not because Robert Malone knew this was a possibility because
we know that from their earliest writings in 2020, especially Jill's writings. We also know
that when he came out, he was talking about being the inventor of this and he still is talking about
being the inventor of this. Gary Cole Wiseman get the Nobel and not for inventing mRNA vaccines
because I did that. But for adding the pseudo-uridine that allowed unlimited spike toxins to be
manufactured and what could have been a safe and effective vaccine platform
if safely developed could have known. So I'm not really sure if Robert Malone understands
what this really does for him, but once and for all it becomes very obvious that
if you're not going to say it out loud, right, that they're bad and that we shouldn't have used
them and that it's not safe if safely developed. What is he talking about? Of course, you know what
he's talking about. He's talking about exactly what he said. We said he was going to do two years ago.
Be sure that this vaccine will not cause long-term. Now the trick here is to realize what they said
because again, going back in time, you can see what they said and if what they said doesn't
jive with what we know in the biology and doesn't jive with what they're now saying,
then they're liars. And if there's anyone that you can watch talk about their science and know
that they're lying, it's this Drew Weisman guy in my humble opinion. It is very frightening to me
how literally smiles. It's very frightening to me how little enthusiasm he has. It's very frightening
to me how little depth there ever is anytime he ever speaks. I've watched hours of him talking
and it never goes past high school level biology. It's almost comical. It says if there's really no
magic at all in RNA, there's nothing complicated to understand about how RNA and ribosomes add up
to proteins. It is extraordinary. And if you want him to distill down the complex pattern
integrity that your body is, that your little cells are individually
and listen to him talk about it in a ridiculously simple, what are we calling it? Dumb simple
in a dumb simple way. So that you think that this just has to work, listen to what he said.
This is like before it's like two years ago.
Negative impact in humans. Like that's one of our big questions that we hear a lot.
So the first is to understand what the vaccine
how so how can we be sure that this vaccine will not cause long term negative impact in humans. Like
that's one of our big questions that we hear a lot. So the first is to understand what the
vaccine is. The mRNA in the vaccine is identical to the RNA in your cells.
So the RNA in your cells isn't causing long term adverse events. So the RNA in the vaccine won't
either. The RNA is degraded probably within a week. It's completely gone. The lipid nanoparticles
contain four types of fat. Two of the fats are identical to what's in our cells. They're physiologic.
The other two are present at incredibly low levels. They are gone within 24 to 48 hours. They're just
the body degrades them. They're gone. So nothing of the vaccine is left after days to a week or so.
The question that comes from then how do you get a long term adverse event? Well you can't
from any components of the vaccine because they're gone. The mRNA does not integrate into the DNA.
It doesn't affect the DNA. It doesn't change the DNA. It doesn't mutate the DNA. It does nothing to
the DNA. So that's one of the social media myths that you have to throw out. It doesn't do anything
to the DNA. It's just hard to imagine how it could have long term effects. 90% of adverse events
the vaccines happen in the first six weeks. We haven't seen anything. 15 million people have
gotten the vaccine already. The only DNA. But so it's just hard to imagine how it could have
long term effects. 90% of adverse events the vaccines happen in the first six weeks.
We haven't seen anything. 15 million people have gotten the vaccine already. The only really
serious adverse event is this anaphylaxis like reaction that we're seeing in about one in 100,000
people. Other than that there really nothing you know 15 million people have been injected.
It's spectacular because he's not reading it. He just talks like this. This Nobel Prize winner
this is as fast as he processes. Even late at night this is as fast as he goes. Even when he knows
he's about to win the Nobel Prize. Even when he's saving he's making more money than he ever
imagined. This is how fast he talks. This is the energy level. You know why? Because there's no
real science in what he's done. Is he a chemist? You know like what what did he do? He figured out
a way to change all the uracils to pseudo uridine like like that's it. We tried a bunch of them.
One of them was really good. One of them caused the least inflammation so we used that one.
Boy aren't we smart. Even the whole idea of using MRNA as a vaccine is not like clever.
I mean I don't want to be a creep but it's not clever. The idea would be of course okay I'll use
MRNA and if the MRNA encodes a foreign protein for like a virus then maybe the immune system will
make a response to it. Well it's pretty in-depth. You're really smart until you think about the
immune response coming in and creating a possibility for autoimmunity.
Until you think about where the transmission occurs and what might happen if it occurs in
X tissue. And so this is the kind of thing the kind of ridiculously dumb really dumb simple stuff
that they were throwing at us from the very beginning. In consensus
not only is it simple for you to understand mouth breather but everybody on social media and
everybody on TV agrees. So how can you possibly go against this illusion of consensus no matter
how dumb it is. No matter how dumb simple it is. It's got four different fats. This MRNA is
the same as your MRNA. He hasn't even gotten to the fact that they're supposed to be protein
expression. The MRNA will be gone in a week or so. So the whole concept of how is the immune
system activated. How is this different than an infection. How is this different than how does
this differ throughout the body. None of these questions are asked. None of them are answered.
None of them are implied or even acknowledged by this Nobel Prize winner. Boy is he really
understand what he's doing doesn't he. He understands it so well he can barely talk about it in depth
which makes the perfect stooge for this kind of operation.
I mean it's terrible to think but you know
a guy that I used to work for named Edward Moser and a woman that I used to work for named
Maybread Moser won the Nobel Prize in 2012 was it.
And that was for a lifetime of work and awarded to another person that they had studied under
John O'Keefe for discoveries over 20 years which led to a pretty reasonably compelling
understanding of how the hippocampus might and code experience somehow. Certainly it's the
most insight that we've purported to have in any part of the brain ever really besides the
visual cortex. And now they're giving Nobel Prizes away for chemistry experiments.
Chemistry experiments that led to profit I guess
with no measurable benefits I guess because the only measurable benefits are
increased all caused mortality Denny.
I mean that's what we see.
So it's still an illusion of consensus because there are people who believe this and say it
and recited to each other in zoom calls on live streams, on talk shows, on news broadcasts,
perfect. Isn't it funny how news broadcasts lately they've added more people and what
they're doing there is they're creating an illusion of consensus. It's four people in agreement
about something so harder for you to disagree with. If it's just one person standing there you
can get in an argument with that guy. Oh whatever whatever Tom Brokaw you don't know what you're
talking about but once it's three people and they're all going yeah yeah that's right oh yeah
you're right too and yes you too Ellen then it's much harder it's subconsciously much harder
to disagree. They figured that out it's a very powerful trick.
Conversations where people come to agreement are mystifying our magical can be enchantments
especially when they are amplified especially when they are repeated especially when they seem
to occur between all these different people.
I mean this kind of nonsense it's just extraordinary what he says in this video
it's the same and yourselves. So the RNA in yourselves isn't causing long-term adverse events
so the RNA in the vaccine won't either. The RNA is degraded probably within a week it's completely
gone. I mean isn't it kind of absurd to think that the gears and the cooking clock
all work together perfectly and none of those gears cause any problems.
So if we just throw like 50 more gears into the clock and shake it around a little bit
the clock will still work fine and nothing will go wrong.
I mean it doesn't even make any sense if you actually understand what biology is as far as
a cell and tissues and organs and an organism is but I mean if you just you know if you understand
biology like a I don't know like a bad eighth grader then maybe you can have this kind of
interpretation where it's just all the same but I mean you know the sugar and the flour
and the yeast and the whatever you put in your bread is in there so if you add a little bit more
it's not going to be a big deal it'll still be bread come on. I mean is this a joke?
That that kind of thinking doesn't work for a bread recipe how in the hell does it work for
RNA in ourselves? Are you joking?
Holy shit numbers. The lipid nanoparticles contain four types of fat.
Two of the fats are identical to what's in our cells they're physiologic.
The other two are present at incredibly low levels they are gone within 24 to 48 hours
they're just the body degrades them they're gone.
They're gone as in they're undetectable.
I have no idea if the body degrades them kids have bad reactions to peg all the time.
I mean it's just extraordinary the kind of arrogance that's here.
So nothing of the vaccine is left after days to a week or so.
The question that comes with how do you get a long-term adverse event? Well you can't from any
components of the vaccine they're gone. The mRNA does not integrate into the DNA it doesn't
affect the DNA it doesn't change the DNA it doesn't mutate the DNA it does nothing to the DNA
so that that's one of the social media myths that that you have to throw out that it doesn't
do anything to the DNA but so you know it's just hard to imagine how it could have long-term effects
90% of adverse events the vaccines happen in the first six weeks.
We haven't seen anything 15 million people have gotten the vaccine already.
The only really serious adverse event is this anaphylaxis like reaction that we're seeing in
about one in a hundred thousand people other than that there really nothing you know 15 million
people have been injected that's that's a lot of people and if we were going to see an unusual
adverse event you know if would you care about something that occurred less than one in 15 billion?
I don't have better I have worse ads than that with the lottery right? Exactly.
Yeah I mean that's a guy who's been convinced I think by someone that that nobody's being hurt
and that he's just convinced that anti-vax people and are crazy people and they can be dismissed
there's no real other way to interpret it he's too
he's too inarticulate and slow not to be inarticulate and slow just like he is
and I think he's just a pawn in this you know he's no he's not sophisticated enough to know
how bad he just sounded there as a biologist I mean it's clear right you would never
no biologist worth their salt whatever say those words
I mean it's just absurd to me and and that's really where we are there's so many people out there
that
they carry a the calling card of a biologist and they just aren't biologists they don't get it
they don't start with the fact that all life on earth is patterned integrity
they don't even know what that means
and they don't start with this idea that there is a complexity at the heart of life which is
it's not dissectable anymore and we can't really simplify it anymore there is a barrier there that
we don't really understand yet because it's too much it's way beyond clockwork and try as we might
that clockwork is going to be impenetrable for us for a very long time and we shouldn't
we shouldn't be enticed by these liars who have been trying to make us believe that
I don't know maybe that's appropriate the sirens but trying to make us believe
that these walls of of mystery these walls of sacred are going to come down very very soon
like in the next five years we're almost there we're going to be able to implant things in your
head and make you smarter it's just ridiculous and it is ridiculous to say that we can inject
some RNA in your arm and augment your immune system and it's absolutely ridiculous
and the idea that this guy is a biologist and he believes the sales pitch that he just gave
is ridiculous something is completely and totally incongruent it's like a pirate who can't swim
it doesn't have a ship I mean then what do you do if this guy gave a biology 101 class without
notes I guarantee you you and I would both know immediately that it's a scam that's the trick
give me a whiteboard and a marker and a room full of guys like him and ask me any question you
want try your hardest that's where we're at here some of these players know that everybody that
they're talking to gives them exceptional credit and so the default is if he's really talking very
simple then it must just be that he thinks that I don't know and so I'm going to be respectful and
not cut him off I'll just let him say stuff and I've had that happen a lot of times on my show where
people start with like you know you know there's a in a way kind of Denny did it last night Denny
was pretty expansive pretty in-depth explained why there was a seasonal component to all cause
mortality but I would assume that that Peter knew that I certainly understood it but maybe that was
you know not understood he already did it for the the audience as well I guess I get that
but we're really talking about some serious baloney here and this goes on you know what our
biggest enemy is in America this is where frankly we know that when we go back remember
that in the context of the rollout of the vaccine where people like the Nobel Prize winners we're
saying that the RNA lasts for a few weeks that nothing is couldn't be safer that all these
components are natural and the other ones are disappearing in no time and that it's protecting
everyone and all sort of stuff at the same time that that illusion of consensus was going on
on television and social media there was an another illusion of consensus going on can't trust the
unvaccinated now is the time to do what you're told this is not the biggest enemy is in America
our fellow Americans frankly we know that we can't trust the unvaccinated now is the time to do
what you're told this is not about freedom or personal choice no screw you freedom apologize
for every variant to come walking around warfully unvaccinated that's iconic
I'm patient but our patience is wearing thin and your refusal has cost all of us vaccinated
person having a heart attack yes come right on him we'll take care of you unvaccinated guy you
gobbled horse goo rest in peace wheezy you unvaccinated overcrowd our hospitals
we're over running emergency rooms in intensive care units leaving no room for someone with a
heart attack or pancreatitis yush muk this is a pandemic of the unvaccinated f*** them f***
their freedom I want my freedom to live you have to be conscious of what happened and remember
exactly how it happened because again there are people who haven't woken up from that spell
there are people who haven't woken up from that spell and think that people who didn't get vaccinated
are still selfish and still lucky that the virus didn't get them still lucky
that they managed not to kill anybody with their selfishness that's what people think
I've heard them say it I've asked them so they have really created the biggest rift
cognitive rift that could be created with regard to this mythology and we are at a very
dangerous tipping point of course with the election in America coming up next year
do you ever think we will find the origins of SARS-CoV-2
what do you think Amy would we find the origins no why is that because we didn't find the origins
of SARS-CoV-1 we found viruses that have pieces of the thing all in one cave but this didn't come
from one cave so no so you think we should keep looking Amy why
I'm asking you I'm just asking I don't under I don't know what the point is
I don't know what the point is to keep looking so first of all as Eddie Holmes has stated numerous
times by the time by the time we got there we the virus has changed so significantly that
it would be hard to even be to determine that it was the origin
I don't see the point in this exercise
that's why Eddie is not a proponent of surveying bats for their viruses right
yeah that's why he says by the time you do it it's all changed yeah but right so what the
point of this exercise so for SARS-CoV-1 it took 10 years to do that they found they found pieces
of the original virus right right but they didn't find the virus no but it's okay you could
find pieces which put together would give SARS-1 so 10 years they found pieces that put together
you could get SARS you could get parts of SARS-CoV-2 it didn't take 10 years yeah but that was in
lough and you know so what how do you know that it didn't it didn't come over the border in the
in on somebody's shoe or in some truck that was bringing some I don't know papayas who knows you
want to frozen food packages came in with SARS-CoV-2 on it that's what China says
Scooby-Doo
when when we in the in the White House when Debbie Birx and I proposed
the 15-day shutdown followed by a 30-day shutdown you may not remember but that was when the
meat packing freezer trucks were parked in front of Elmer's hospital because they I remember because
Paul Catrell was telling us he could see him out his window I remember because Paul Catrell was
telling us almost nightly about it and bragging about how he was in New York so he knew better
than anybody even though he was on the bus to like med school or whatever it was not really
med school but at the stuff you do before med school but I but George Webb says like med school
and doctor and doctor and med school and med school and med school and medical school and medical
school and medical school and medical school and Paul Catrell medical school well I wasn't medical
schools before medical school that's how it's done that's how it's been done for three and a half
years now these people are liars they are spectacularly committed to the lie and anybody
that is onto them or onto the plan has been co-opted by force comfort money drugs I don't know what
professional standing fame travel but I assure you ladies and gentlemen that Pierre Corey for example
is not faking it when he first came out on Brett Weinstein's podcast and was telling the story
about how no one would let him treat anybody in Wisconsin so he went to New York and when he
got to New York what did he meet he met the setup when he got to New York what did he meet he
met the setup he met the setup that was being mystically created in New York with a series of
orders and changes in human behavior never before seen do not resuscitate orders no treating of
pneumonia I mean the list is absurd and included in that is probably probably probably
some doctors that were there and were recruited to tell parts of the story
to tell specific parts of the story and make sure that those parts of the story were amplified
and that they would be amplified if they did or you can disappear or you can be cast out or you
can never practice medicine again or we can do any number of things to you because this is a
national security issue we don't know how bad this virus is going to be remember Peter McCullough
and Pierre Corey were acting at the very beginning of the pandemic so if there was an infectious
clone in the places where people were getting sick or if they were just naive enough
to believe that the illusion of consensus on television and the illusion of consensus in
their meetings with their administrators and the illusion of consensus that they saw in social
media that they decided that that respiratory disease might actually be a new one
that that PCR test might actually be identifying a new one and therefore I better be careful
because rumor has it it might be a lab virus and if that's the case you might not want to get this
one do you not think that that was going on behind the scenes I most assure you it was
because I was part of it
this is where we are at this is how extraordinary things are
because there is an illusion that was set from the very beginning used behind the scenes to scare
people into being less brave
scaring people behind the scenes at congress scaring the people behind the scenes in secret
meetings scaring people behind the scenes at ground zero
and that's how you get people on board that's how you co-opt
you get them as part of the actual national security operation
co-opt them as leaders
now this guy's not aware of all that going on because he's also being used
I think he's been used for a very very very long time and eventually he must have become aware
that he's being used but I think it's one of those lookaway doctrine type things
where he knows that the governing powers of the world have been using him and others to do this
but you know they're going to take care of my family if I shut my mouth and just keep doing this
they're going to take care of my family that's where we're at this is for all the marbles there's
no more games and so you can start thinking of you should have started thinking of people's behavior
in this context a while ago it's for all the marbles a few lies here and there when everybody
else in the whole world is telling lies it's pretty enticing
how to put the bodies in there because the morgues were overflowing the same thing was seen in boston
in front of mass general and the Brigham so when you have a tsunami of cases where you have to shut
it off immediately you can't say let's wait x number of months until we get a vaccine or let's
wait x number of months until we do this when you're running out of hospital beds and you're
running out of ventilates you got to do something draconian because otherwise there would have been
a lot more lives lost however you've got to balance that and continually testing whether
it's still worth luck you could even see the AIDS
AIDS thing as a as a test run of this operation let's try it with the gays because nobody cares
about them nobody's gonna speak up for them we'll do this practice epidemic
and then the real one is this one and it's all the same nonsense we had to shut it down you see his
his arm movement there we had to just shut it down because there was a tsunami of cases
a tsunami of cases created by panic on television and a nonspecific PCR test
and liars on tv liars on social media liars that were coordinated and committed
coordinated to a lie about bioweapons about vaccine leaks about AIDS vaccine leaks about
what was it uh i don't know d oh i can't even remember anymore it's just so crazy how much of
these these narratives all weave together now from this in retrospect uh retrospect is always
2020 hindsight is always 2020 and it is just extraordinary what you can see if you look back
the pattern is there and it is crystal clear they wove this story from the very beginning
and they used it from the very beginning when it was necessary in the beginning they used it to
scare people when it was necessary they used it in the beginning to get everybody in line
and now they're using it to perpetuate the need to perpetuate the danger to perpetuate the threat
no not dissimilar to what they did with the war on terror but now this one affects everybody
it doesn't matter what country you're in it doesn't matter what songs you sing it doesn't
matter what church you go to or what books you read you need to fear this and you need to fear
climate change king down the initial lockdown reason was a life-saving reason how long you close
the school how long you do you know you diminish activities on the outside has to be a dynamic
process which you've got to evaluate in real time now is the risk benefit still in favor
of restriction or is the risk benefit leading much more towards loosening up and that's what's
going to be interesting because we're going to go back and examine that is worth things done
too long or not but the initial decision to lock things down unequivocally saved a lot of lives
no doubt about that not even close what did he just say lock things down unequivocally
but the initial decision to lock things down unequivocally saved a lot of lives no doubt about
that not even close it's a pretty extraordinary statement and when he says it and people listen
and agree and an audience like that it's an illusion of consensus not that is similar to
studio audience laughter in a sitcom that's also of course true with covid right we are all
only as healthy as our neighbor is on our street and our city and our region and our nation and
globally and did we solve that like did we actually manage to vaccinate everyone in the world no
so highlighting water as a global commons and what it means to work together and see it both
out of that kind of global commons perspective but also the self-interest perspective because it
is it does have that parallel it's not only important but it's also important because we
haven't managed to solve those problems which which had similar attributes and water is something
that people understand you know climate change is a bit abstract some people understand it really
well some understand it a bit some just don't understand it water every kid knows how important
it is to have water when you're playing football and you're thirsty you need water
so there's also something about really getting citizen engagement around this and really
in some ways experimenting with this notion of the common good can we actually deliver
this time in ways that we have failed miserably other times and hopefully we won't keep failing
on the other things but anyway i'm not even really sure what that was
but they want the water of course that's one of the resources. Hi everyone Dr. Mandy Cohen
from CDC and wanted to tell you about some new data that was just released by the CDC
which adds to the evidence that vaccinations during pregnancy helps protect patients and newborns
today i'm going to answer a few questions about getting vaccinated when you're pregnant first
question when during pregnancy should a person get a COVID-19 flu and RSV vaccine
so the COVID and flu vaccines are recommended for everyone over six months and that includes
moms who are pregnant you can get a COVID or flu vaccine at any point during pregnancy
for the RSV vaccine you can get that vaccine if you are between 32 to 36 weeks pregnant
what is this necklace can you tell me what this is
and the second question i really have is this is not dissimilar to Drew Weisman
this is a person who in all the videos you'll ever find she doesn't get past eighth grade level
biology like all of them if you go back and look at Fauci when he was younger
or you look at interviews from the 90s he actually talks fairly in depth about the failures of
vaccines and why they didn't work for HIV and the complexity of HIV and the complexity of
virology the complexity of the immune system and its challenge to recognize a changing viral target
and so he's able to at least articulate why it is that he was having so much trouble and why he was
failing all the time with coming up with a cure
now we've dumbed simple it's so much that there's nothing to really argue about because it's so dumb
simple just get it it's fine we have data that shows just get it it's fine you know there wasn't
data before now there's data what are you gonna argue there's data we have data that shows
we have p values that show
and this is the kind of coercion that's going to go on and on and on as they try to mislead the
younger the next and the next years i don't know we've got to really
i think we've really got to think hard about what's coming up in the next few months and be
really aware of of how far they're going to push it because this is this is a person without the
expertise to be where she is and that's on purpose because the people that are actually running this
wanted exactly like that and we have to come to understand what's going on here you really do
get vaccinated during pregnancy you pass on your antibodies to your baby and they are born with
some protection through your vaccination this is great news for keeping yourself as healthy as
possible during pregnancy and to protect the health of your baby and what they're saying there is
antibodies right they can detect antibodies that's all they're talking about it antibodies equal
immunity so mom makes antibodies to vaccine mom is immune antibodies show up in breast milk
mom passes immunity on to baby mom could also pass antibodies which make the baby very sick when
she is exposed to the RNA and the proteins of the virus in question and that is not
a rare event it's happened often with RNA viruses in the past
and so without precedence a single observation for a short period of time is enough to dismiss
all of previous assumptions in biology all in previous basically theories in biology or
hypotheses in biology about how to respect the sacredness of the developing fetus inside of a
pregnant woman and moving the shot to the third drymaster is simply insufficient given what we know
it's a wonderful wonderful thing though to hear these people really
because they're just so off they're just so off they wouldn't pass a year 2019 graduate school
basic entry exam at a whiteboard ever none of these people would that's the extraordinary thing
you know they would get they would go like dna his tres his RNA and then RNA becomes protein
that's how stuff works and cells are surrounded by lipids and ribosomes make proteins and sometimes
the ribosomes are in a er which stands for endoplasmic reticulum and dna stands for deoxyribal nucleic
acid so i'm really smart and it's it's it's ridiculous and they treat
they are purposefully speaking in these terms as if it's it's obviously beyond your pay grade to
be told anymore so that's how i'm going to talk to you and it's it's exactly how this was pulled
off an illusion of consensus from the very beginning led by fauci and others
an illusion of consensus that also had this undercurrent of a lab virus and the undercurrent of a lab
virus was able to mystify people behind the scenes scare people into falling in line with the
with the national security priority and it took a very long time before that was going to be
questioned because the only person that was only people that were really questioning it were who
the people that said there were no viruses at all
and so the illusion of consensus was very powerful it kept almost everyone almost everyone from
questioning the concept that there could be an RNA sequence that could do this
all of us
now that's what's impressive it's not the idea the idea is silly but it's impressive that they
were able to convince us all that a RNA molecule endowed with the right sequence is capable of
circling the globe for years and disrupting everything that we knew as our global economy
disrupting our health care systems and fundamentally changing how we think about our place on the
planet it's just absurd and yet they've done it and they're sustaining it by misleading all of the
young because there are very few kids that watch this program there are very few kids that understand
this there are very few kids that really get it i don't even know if my kids fully get it and they
hear it every night at the table from me i don't know do we need to listen to the rest of that lady
do you want to hear that maybe you want to hear that
this is great news for keeping yourself as healthy as possible during pregnancy and to protect the
health of your baby next question is getting vaccinated for covid flu and rsv during pregnancy
safe for me and my baby another great question and one a lot of people are asking the answer is
yes getting the covid flu and rsv vaccine during pregnancy is safe for you that is extraordinary
they are man wanted that to pause that's really extraordinary getting vaccinated for covid 19
flu and rsv during pregnancy safe for me and my baby and the answer is yes that is just
that's all you need to know the sacred is gone you know the one nine months where you're not
supposed to do anything you don't even put makeup on are you joking are you joking
but you know why not she probably believes that Drew Weissman is not a liar
Drew Weissman knows how his Nobel Prize winning mRNA works and he says it's only in there for a
few days and it's just the same as every mRNA that we have and it's only four fats and the
other two that aren't are natural are gone in days maybe hours and she probably believes that too
that's the whole reason why this works because their biology is so shallow that they bought it
and I know it seems crazy that the Nobel Prize winner would have that level of but but it's
evident to go watch his videos try to find one if you find a good one send it to me
find me the most complex lecture that you can find Drew Weissman giving
it'll be the same as Mandy there's nothing it is just comical these people are are something
being used to govern us I don't know who's winningly and unwittingly involved but we are
being governed by an elaborate mythology being pushed by people who are either too
unsophisticated to know don't want to know don't mind not knowing knowing that they're on the
winning team and some of them are probably eugenics eugenicists some of them are probably worse
but a lot of them are just in it to win it and they've been told who the winning team is going to be
and it's pretty obvious to them that they might be right so they said what the hell
the sales pitch is really easy if you don't do it the next person I offer it to is going to do it
it's just that I've never gotten that offer mark use eugenics never gotten that offer no one's
ever shown up with suitcase full of money and four wheelers and a deed to a farm
but if they did I would ask for two of everything
and if I got it I don't know what I would do
I'm sure that all these people have been offered something
if not just you know you can be the famous CDC director
pregnancy safe for me and my baby another great question and one a lot of people are asking
the answer is yes getting the COVID flu and RSV vaccine during pregnancy is safe for you
and your baby the vaccines have not been linked to any increased risk of negative effects during
pregnancy or for the baby and the good news is when you get vaccinated during pregnancy
you pass on your antibodies to your baby and they're born with some protection through your
vaccination so you know not a real great biology lesson there but it's a great sales pitch
and that sales pitch is for this right the sales pitch is for a virus that's definitely worth
emergency use authorizations and a virus that's dangerous enough that's definitely
means that shutting down saved so many people and that's transfecting people to a spike
protein saved so many people and it's the illusion of consensus that this is true
that has gotten us here that made it possible
and the laughter that you hear signifies the story of the of the worst-case scenario
that was percolating in the background that this is a lab leak bio-weapon vaccine gone wrong
de attenuating virus that was the word i was looking for before de attenuating virus
so it was an attenuated virus and it was made to be a it was made to be a an AIDS vaccine
and then it like got out and now it's totally like reverting and now once it reverts it's going to
be like flying AIDS and if you remove the illusion of consensus the whole story sounds stupid
because in RNA molecule with a couple extra amino acids like PRSS in the final protein or
whatever a protein with four extra amino acids is not going to endow an RNA molecule with the
ability to replicate perfectly to suddenly not travel the way it has always traveled to way
is a is a barely a phantom of a signal in biology
so it's extraordinary to me that as we make progress in this narrative
and we see through these this elaborate show what it really comes down to is this illusion
of consensus of the virus we had to do something that the mRNA was pretty useful but it could have
been damn well better and because this was likely a gain of function virus this will most certainly
come again they're even pushing now that old narrative about the idea that that you don't want
to get infected at all because every time you get infected it's an added you know added again
and added again and added again and so what does that narrative do that narrative almost
without saying it suggests that you should get vaccinated over and over again to avoid
get infected over and over again infection in that model is defined by what PCR
is defined by what symptoms so it's all circular logic of nonsense as long as you believe in the
virus as long as you believe that something special is circulating you need a laugh track
because if you don't have a laugh track nobody will follow along nobody will believe you and the
laugh track is created by social media and the promotion of the wrong people promotion of people
that will provide the track laughter or more importantly warm question the script
they created an illusion of consensus around a virus around the need to do something drastic
because you know it's a freaking lab leak most likely we can't tell everybody this
because when we tell everybody this they'll panic
and so you need to shut your hole about it until next year and then next year we'll roll that out
where you know they're going to fight about it in front of congress and we'll leak some emails
and it'll slowly become obvious but we can't tell everybody in February that this is a lab leak
or we'll have bedlam so we're going to control up this we're going to ease it into them
and this easing in will result in them convincing themselves and maybe this was a lab leak so we
better done do what we better listen do what we're told and that incongruency was seen in their
behavior if you say it's a natural virus but we got it locked down like right now
or we're not going to save any lives that doesn't really make sense that's how I saw it if it's a
natural virus from a bad cable what do we got to worry about nothing really
and we have previous immunity so you know I don't really see the panic but if it's a lab leak maybe
that's why they're panicking that made sense to me and it wasn't until three years later that I
learned enough virology and more importantly read enough about the molecular biology in virology to
understand what their claims were and once you understand what their claims were
you can understand how in the context of previous virology and virological limits
their claims didn't make any sense unless they use clones
and that's when this illusion of consensus became very obvious to me because once I started talking
about clones most of these people started ignoring me started attacking me started saying I was a
divider started saying whatever and whatnot because this illusion of consensus was about to be disturbed
because I was pointing out that we've been fooled into solving this mystery by all these people
and in so doing we allowed this change in how we think to occur because you know we bought into
the novelty of this whole thing as long as there's a new the virus then all bets were off that was
the sales pitch but it's a new virus so we don't know I mean it's a new car we don't know how fast
it'll go or how it works or whether you put gas in it or not I mean it's a whole new thing
we have no idea how it works we don't even know if it's got doors
and since this new car is out there you're gonna have to stay in your house not drive for a while
until we we see where this thing spreads it's a new car we don't know anything about it it's not a
very good analogy except for the idea that it's a new virus that we don't know anything about
our immune system that has been building immune memory to all the RNA that we've ever been
exposed to all the self-replicating RNA we've ever been exposed to now suddenly there's a new one
and it's so new that everybody's vulnerable it was just the worst story ever and then along with
that they dumbed out our immunology they made sure that everybody bought into the
i-m-m-u-n-i-t-y that's what I got body's anti-crap
antibodies equal immunity was the illusion that I've been trying to dispel since 2020
with a slide that said exactly that should go back to one of those old slides that sometime
and see how far on we were and so then on this scooby-doo we are you know we ventilated people
whoops we ventilated people were emdesivir medazalam untreated pneumonia
and so rolling in flu deaths as covid deaths doesn't increase all cause mortality
you've got to kill people that's what the protocols did that's what the extra opioid deaths did
that's what all the extra deaths that they did you've got to spread them out as much as possible
everything goes up and then the excess deaths equal covid and now what we really need to get
Denny Rancour to understand that and be able to articulate that quickly and succinctly
because he's really close and he said it to Peter McCullough isn't it strange that the excess
deaths are exactly equal to covid almost like they're telling us a story because that's what
they are doing the music from the game is surprisingly appropriate tonight it's almost like i got a
sound guy back there i don't know if you can hear that you might not be able to hear that
so they've lied to us about this pandemic potential but even worse they've created an illusion of
consensus about it and the illusion of consensus about gain of function in the background is
ultimately what keeps everybody pinned to the narrative it's really the faith this is like the
you know the the mystery of all the mysteries and belief that we can
endow viruses with pandemic potential that we can endow viruses with pandemic potential is the faith
because that is a baby sized version of the faith that we can change the human genome we can
make personalized medicine we can cure genetic diseases we can take control of our destiny
it's a little tiny microcosm of that little little seed version of that idea we can do this
soon we'll be able to do it for everything
kymeric viruses are so 2020 we're making kymeric fake synthetic bacteria now
soon we're going to make synthetic organisms made of silicon all these other stories that they will
tell us this is the beginning this is like the little gateway drug idea we can stitch together
RNA and make it pandemic that's the faith
and the illusion of consensus that got us here is this idea that we've got to figure out whether
it's a natural virus with this incredible superpower or whether it's a lab virus with this incredible
superpower and that mystery completely obfuscates the idea that we have always known that RNA can't do
this and that's what made it so hard to study RNA viruses for so long in the lab
and the only way we've been able to kind of overcome it is to make these RNA sequences
from scratch or with synthetic recombinant mechanized methodologies and then if we you know do some
laboratory experiments it seems to kind of do stuff and move around and transmit from an animal
to an animal if we take stuff out of one animal and squirt it in the other animal
an illusion of consensus ladies and gentlemen
it's really a conflated background single it doesn't matter whether it's an endemic virus
a background coronavirus if you want to call it that protocols are murder and
transmission is not medicine if you want to call it an infectious clone release because you really
are convinced that there was a real molecular signal and lots of people identified around the
world this is the way it was done if you want to call it a transfection agent release i think
that's also a very valid way to call it because again using RNA to express protein in in cells
where it's not normally expressing it is called transfection and so if you spray it in people's
lungs or put it on their skin or put it in their food or whatever they would have done with it
if that RNA ends up transcribing protein sorry being translated into
what you know transcribed if it makes protein then you've
transfected that animal that human that whatever and so again it's it doesn't really matter what
you call it as long as you call it something as long as you say that the protocols were murder
and that that transfection is in medicine it's totally okay but no viruses discounts
the many many many many many many many many many many known synthetic options for
transfection and transformation it ignores that we can really make
adenoviruses like little particles that have stuff inside of them we can make those we can't
make them with great purity but we can make those we can make lipid nanoparticles in small nanoparticles
and and other lipid droplets that contain RNA in them and that can allow transfection
and in the coming week I think I've just been gifted a whole truckload of of new ideas and
things to talk about this week and a lot of it has to do with these ideas these
the concept of transfection has been patented more than you know
and the number of patents that are involved in this patent pool which likely underlies this
release of military technology to the world of pharmaceutical industries
change in patent law all this stuff is happening behind the scenes while we're arguing about is
there a virus or not and while we're arguing about you know whether it was a lab leak or a natural
virus or whether they're no virus people and that's all that's silly doesn't matter at all
the protocols for murder transfection isn't medicine and they are trying to reorganize
the intellectual property space around the entire biopharmaceutical industry
and that reorganization is expressing itself and is visible in the way that the pandemic
technologies have been rolled out and the way the the direction of this entire
industry is going and we're going to be able to expose it we're going to be able to show it
and so we're going to be able to see how this had to have been planned it's an orchestrated
pivot and the pivot may be a couple different parties that are involved in responding to the
pivot but it's more than likely that all the parties involved are aware that the pivot is
going to happen and it's not isolated to this one thing but it is one one of one of the things
that many of the dissident characters that we've been following for three years have to be involved
in it's almost impossible that that's not the heart of of what is really happening here with
with all these people maps that we've been watching and thinking about
so it was definitely a a orchestrated novel virus idea that's spread around the world by
incentive spread around the world by previous drilling and pre-programmed responses
spread around by fear and rumor about a lab leak and the potential of what a lab leak could do
versus what a regular virus would do and the perpetuation of the worst-case scenario idea that
we know nothing we can do nothing we have nothing and this thing's going to kill 3.4 percent from
everybody that infects and that illusion only needed to last for so long in so many people in
order for this to have occurred it only had to be perpetuated for so long on tv in order for this
to occur and now we're here and if we're going to get out we have to actively free
our fellow citizens from this illusion as many of them that are willing to take a lifeline
and so over the next coming weeks we are going to re-examine we are going to re-examine immunology
101 a few times we are going to get good at making a few simple diagrams together
and we are going to get good at elevator pitches about this lying scenario we're going to collaborate
hopefully with michael yeden and a few other people we're going to have council fires on every
monday that we can and uh we're going to keep bringing people together and trying to create a
new consensus that isn't an illusion because we are at a time point where um
um our our governance the people that are that believe themselves are currently are in control
of world governance are making changes and they're making changes for a wide variety of reasons
and we need to go in eyes wide open and the first thing is we need to get out of this cave
whoa what's this why didn't they play something isn't right
but that didn't work right what in the heck
why didn't that work that's strange we try that again
there we go so you can visit gig ombiological.com
if you scroll down from the front page you can find a place where you can subscribe at various
levels if you really want to support the stream um but the best way to do it is to share
um you can also join the conversation there at gig omb.bio um it's kind of like a
twitter but just for us um but it's accessible to everybody and uh you can support my work there
if you feel the need to donate one time or would like to donate one time that's one place to do
it as well and i thank everybody that has done it in the past um intramuscular injection of any
combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb short way of saying
that for now his transaction is not immunization so Nobel prize was awarded we knew that was
going to happen we predicted it um step all transfections and humans because they're trying
to eliminate the control group by any means necessary
and that is the show don't forget to share the broken science initiative um and uh yeah
this has been gig ombiological high resistance low noise information stream brought to you by
biologists my name is Jonathan Cooey thanks very much um we're going to try and get a weekly
rhythm where we do journal club where we do a question and answer kind of open forum kind of
thing where we do a council fire and where we do the fire hose kind of thing like this and where
we do watch along so it should be like five kinds of shows or five kinds of daily streams
which will make it a little easier for me to keep the pace up um but it also keep it a little variable
and then after all this talk i just wanted to put my money where my mouth is and let you know that
it's taken me a long time to figure out how to do it and and what the story will be but i think
we finally got it and so on the halloween i will be streaming for on and off most of the day
um certainly after work hours i can't remember what day it is during the week
and i will be streaming to you live from a from a from the deck of the starship
enterprise and i think halloween is the Tuesday night okay so it'll be like after five on Tuesday
i'll probably be streaming for like five hours from the enterprise as a kick off of that star
track that i promised you a long time ago so look forward to that see you soon